This movie is an exploration of nihilism, right?
The concept of meaninglessness, of there is no objective truth,
there is no objective morality, that we're all just specks floating out in space.
If nothing we do matters, then the only thing that matters is what we do.
I think we're more alike than we're different, and there's more that unites us and separates us,
but we forget that because, honestly, we may know some of what's going on, but none of us know.
None of us have any idea what the heck is going on.
And how crucial it is to be kind.
Kindness and optimism, they're not the tools of the ignorant or the naive or the stupid
who don't know what's going on in the world.
This is drinking from the fire hose for two hours.
And 15 minutes.
And 15 minutes, and it is sublime.
There's a very beautiful side to nihilism as well,
which is that we are the masters of our own fates, and we decide what's right and wrong,
and we decide, you know, what our actions are going to mean.
Welcome to Cinema Therapy.
I'm Alan Seawright, professional filmmaker who needs therapy, and that is...
Jonathan Decker, licensed therapist who loves movies.
What are we doing? What's going on?
Alan Seawright I would like you to react to all the things.
Jonathan Decker Everything?
Alan Seawright Uh-huh. In all of the places.
Jonathan Decker At one single-lingual time.
Single.
Alan Seawright One single-lingual time.
Jonathan Decker Everything everywhere all at once.
I take it because we have bagels as guests.
Alan Seawright Our guests are the everything bagel.
I put everything on a bagel and I gave it to you.
Jonathan Decker I love it.
This is my new favorite movie, and I'm not saying that just...
Alan Seawright This is not recency bias.
Jonathan Decker No, this is... I have a very thorough vetting process and my last favorite,
310 to Yuma, was there for like 12 years.
Alan Seawright Oh, a long, long time.
Jonathan Decker Yeah. So that's not faint praise.
This has everything I could ever want in a movie.
Alan Seawright And it has it everywhere.